Add placeholder container above the top navigation (#3066)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/large-bikes-boil.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-shell': minor
---

> Adds a portal above `top-navigation` to inject `staffbar`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds an empty element above the `top-navigation`. 
```

It's not a portal. It's used by one. I'd be more vague also.
